# Sample Project

## Ticketing Platform on IOTA

### User Flow
- User visits a concert page. Purchases a ticket using IOTAs.
- Receives a ticket on ticket dapp, which has a QR code attached. (It can also be a card with NFC).
- Scans QR code against the door camera.
- Door will send the QR Code info or ticket key to the server.
- Server validates the QR code and returns success/failure based on if the ticket exists and/or if the ticket has already been scanned.

### Client-Side (js)
- Send a message to server with key.

### Server-side (python)
- Endpont to receive key and return confirmation.



Arch 1:

1. User reaches door. Scans QR code on door.
2. Ends up on website with a unique code to purchase a ticket and fill in info. Verify Identity.
    [Alt]: IOTA DID (Decentralised Identity)
3. Submits required info and clicks on pay.
4. An address is generated and shown. Copy it to firefly app and pay to it. Once payment confirmation comes in, it'll show up here.
    [Alt]: A collect pay QR code is generated and can be now scanned and paid via firefly app.
5. [Optional] Once paid, a ticket purchase receipt comes back to the user's email.

(For pre-purchased tickets, start here)
6. The user can scan the ticket QR code on the door and get in.
    - Door will send the QR Code info or ticket key to the server.
    - Server validates the QR code and returns success/failure based on if the ticket exists and/or if the ticket has already been scanned.

Server:

[Traditional] via APIs to server and server running on fastapi/flask/django.

[Decentralised]
Listen on MQTT channel via topic.
1. Python Server listens on MQTT endpoint for a topic.
2. Fetches data from incoming message. Data -> Ticket ID
3. Matches in db. Confirms it's status.
4. Updates status. Returns result.


Client:
1. JS client sends indexed message with Ticket ID as data.
2. Receives confirmation and opens the gate or shows error.


Dependencies:

User:
1. Mobile phone with internet connection.
2. Firefly app.

Door:
3. A camera to scan and a QR code image.

---

Arch 2 (Simplest FCFS):

1. The user reaches the club door. Sees a QR code on it. Scans it. It leads to an address which he has to pay to.
2. The user pays via firefly wallet or other wallet/exchange apps.
3. Once the payment is verified, the door let's the user in.

